<html>
<head>

<title>Year Information At the Circulating Library</title>

<script type="text/javascript" src="includes/menus.js"></script>

<link href="includes/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

</head>
<body>

<table class="pageframe" align="center">


<tr><td width="1000px">
<ul id="sddm">
    <li><a href="index.php">Home</a></li>
    <li><a 
        onmouseover="mopen('m1')" 
        onmouseout="mclosetime()">About</a>
        <div id="m1" 
            onmouseover="mcancelclosetime()" 
            onmouseout="mclosetime()">
        <a href="about.php">About</a>
        <a href="faq.php">F.A.Q.</a>
        </div>
    </li>
    <li><a 
        onmouseover="mopen('m4')" 
        onmouseout="mclosetime()">Search</a>
        <div id="m4" 
            onmouseover="mcancelclosetime()" 
            onmouseout="mclosetime()">
        <a href="search_g.php">Search</a>
        <a href="search.php">Search (Old)</a>
	<a href="random.php">Random</a>
        </div>
    </li>
    <li><a  
        onmouseover="mopen('m2')" 
        onmouseout="mclosetime()">Novels</a>
        <div id="m2" 
            onmouseover="mcancelclosetime()" 
            onmouseout="mclosetime()">
        <a href="view_authors.php">Authors</a>
        <a href="view_titles.php">Titles</a>
        <a href="view_publishers.php">Publishers</a>
        <a href="view_years.php">Years</a>
        <a href="view_genres.php">Genres</a>
	<a href="view_groups.php">Groups</a>
        </div>
    </li>
    <li><a 
        onmouseover="mopen('m3')" 
        onmouseout="mclosetime()">Serials</a>
        <div id="m3" 
            onmouseover="mcancelclosetime()" 
            onmouseout="mclosetime()">
        <a href="view_periodicals.php">Periodicals</a>
        <a href="view_serialyears.php">Years</a>
        </div>
    </li>
    <li><a 
        onmouseover="mopen('m5')" 
        onmouseout="mclosetime()">Statistics</a>
        <div id="m5" 
            onmouseover="mcancelclosetime()" 
            onmouseout="mclosetime()">
        <a href="statistics.php">Statistics</a>
	<a href="graphs_auth.php">Authorship</a>
	<a href="graphs_publ.php">Publishing</a>
	<a href="graphs_misc.php">Miscellaneous</a>
        </div>
    </li>
    <li><a href="references.php">References</a></li>
</ul>
<div style="clear:both"></div>
</td></tr>

<tr><td>
<!-- Start of page specific content -->
<h1>Year Information <i>At the Circulating Library</i></h1><p class="entry">Titles published in the year 1866:</p><ol><li>Henry Cadwallader Adams.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=9983&aid=1750">Balderscourt: or, Holiday Tales</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Routledge.<li>William Harrison Ainsworth.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=9&aid=5">The Constable de Bourbon</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Mrs.  Alexander.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=738&aid=331">Which Shall it Be?</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>  Anonymous.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=446&aid=1">Maitlands: A Tale of the Day</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>  Anonymous.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=448&aid=1">Man of his Day: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>  Anonymous.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=517&aid=1">Nora's Trial</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>  Anonymous.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=734&aid=1">Walter Blake's Heroine</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>  Anonymous.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5376&aid=1">James Meetwell: or, Incidents, Errors, and Experiences in the Life of a Scottish Merchant</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: W. P. Nimmo.<li>Francis Claudius Armstrong.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5073&aid=1081">Our Blue Jackets, Afloat and Ashore: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>William  Bainbridge.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=412&aid=1733">Lionel Merval: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Routledge.<li>R. M. Ballantyne.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=11487&aid=2868">Shifting Winds: A Tough Yarn.</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: James Nisbet.<li>M. M. Bell.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=11598&aid=2873">Doctor Weld: or, The Web of Life</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Frederick Warne.<li>Matilda Barbara Betham-Edwards.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=744&aid=87">The Wild Flower of Ravensworth</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Caroline Ashurst Biggs.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=12121&aid=2929">The Master of Wingbourne: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Albert  Bitzius.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5574&aid=1859">Wealth and Welfare</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Alexander Strahan.<li>Richard Doddridge Blackmore.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=55&aid=30">Cradock Nowell: A Tale of the New Forest</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Lady  Blake.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=64&aid=31">The Wife's Error</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Margaret  Blount.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=11787&aid=33">A Broken Life: A Domestic Story</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Ward, Lock.<li>G.  Blunt.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5575&aid=1860">Rose Sinclair: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Mary Elizabeth Braddon.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=83&aid=37">The Lady's Mile</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Ward, Lock.<li>Edward  Bradley.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=9929&aid=2738">Mattins and Muttons: or, The Beauty of Brighton. A Love Story</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Sampson Low.<li>Jane Octavia Brookfield.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5580&aid=1864">Only George: A Story</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Frances  Browne.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=327&aid=260">The Hidden Sin: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Hannah Dorothy Burdon.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5074&aid=1122">Uncle Armstrong: A Narrative</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Henry John Wilmot Buxton.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=9936&aid=2758">The Mysteries of Isis: or, The College Life of Paul Romaine. A Story of Oxford</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Ward, Lock.<li>Lady Pamela  Campbell.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=101&aid=46">A Woman's Confession</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Elizabeth Rundle Charles.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=11868&aid=817">Winifred Bertram and the World She Lived in</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;Edinburgh: Nelson and Sons.<li>Clara de Chatelain.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=14821&aid=3262">The Sedan-Chair, and Sir Wilfred's Seven Flights</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Routledge.<li>Julie Bosville Chetwynd.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=7748&aid=53">Three Hundred a Year: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Henry Fothergill Chorley.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=562&aid=1136">A Prodigy: A Tale of Music</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Wilkie  Collins.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5406&aid=65">Armadale</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Smith, Elder.<li>Charles Allston Collins.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5595&aid=1877">At the Bar: A Tale</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>George Hatton Colomb.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5513&aid=406">The Shadows of Destiny: A Romance</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Dinah Marie Craik.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5389&aid=41">A Noble Life</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Camilla Dufour Crosland.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=15184&aid=831">The Island of the Rainbow: A Fairy Tale and Other Fancies</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Routledge.<li>William  Cyples.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=155&aid=78">Philip the Dreamer</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Elizabeth  Daniel.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=160&aid=79">Grasping at Shadows</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Skeet.<li>Edward William Lewis Davies.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=13131&aid=861">Paul Pendril: or, Sport and Adventure in Corsica</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>F.  Devonshire.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=173&aid=85">Emily Foinder: or, The See-Saw of Life. A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Louisa June Campbell Downes.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5604&aid=1883">Thrice His: "His to guard, to serve, to save!" A Tale</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Anna Harriet Drury.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=13083&aid=89">The Three Half-Crowns: A Story for Boys</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: S.P.C.K..<li>Henry Sutherland Edwards.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=188&aid=92">The Three Louisas: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Annie  Edwards.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=189&aid=93">Archie Lovell</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>George  Eliot.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=218&aid=105">Felix Holt, the Radical</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;Edinburgh: Blackwood.<li>George Manville Fenn.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=14176&aid=106">Hollowdell Grange: or, Holiday Hours in a Country Home</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Routledge.<li>Percy H. Fitzgerald.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=228&aid=108">Jenny Bell: A Story</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Percy H. Fitzgerald.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=230&aid=108">The Second Mrs. Tillotson: A Story</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Mark  Francis.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5615&aid=1893">No Easy Task</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Skeet.<li>Elizabeth Cleghorn Gaskell.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5436&aid=120">Wives and Daughters: An Everyday Story</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Smith, Elder.<li>  George.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5617&aid=1895">The State Coach and the Disaffected Van: A Tale of Serious Sport.</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Agnes  Giberne.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=14395&aid=2304">Linda</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: S.P.C.K..<li>Mary Ann Danet Gifford.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=266&aid=122">King's Baynard</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>William  Gilbert.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5439&aid=123">Doctor Austin's Guests</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Alexander Strahan.<li>William  Gilbert.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=14449&aid=123">The Magic Mirror: A Round of Tales for Young and Old</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Alexander Strahan.<li>James  Greenwood.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=9494&aid=131">Silas the Conjuror: His Travels and Perils</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Ward, Lock.<li>James  Greenwood.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=9495&aid=131">The True History of a Little Ragamuffin</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Ward, Lock.<li>James  Greenwood.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=9496&aid=131">The Hatchet Throwers</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: J. C. Hotten.<li>Cecil  Griffith.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=296&aid=134">Victory Deane: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Saunders and Otley.<li>Charlotte  Hardcastle.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=303&aid=139">A Troubled Stream: A Story</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Lady Duffus  Hardy.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5444&aid=141">A Casual Acquaintance: A Novel, Founded on Fact</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Sampson Low.<li>Isabella Neil Harwood.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=107&aid=45">Carleton Grange: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>John Berwick Harwood.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=447&aid=143">Major Peter</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>John Berwick Harwood.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=550&aid=143">Plain John Orpington</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Joseph  Hatton.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=310&aid=144">Against the Stream</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Matilda Mary Hays.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5628&aid=1906">Adrienne Hope: The Story of a Life</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Henry  Holl.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=333&aid=151">White Favour: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Sampson Low.<li>Dora  Hort.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5633&aid=1911">Hena: or, Life in Tahiti</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Saunders and Otley.<li>Victor  Hugo.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5531&aid=910">Toilers of the Sea</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Sampson Low.<li>Henry  Jackson.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=272&aid=135">Gilbert Rugge</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Sarah Anne Jeffreys.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=444&aid=197">Maggie Lynne: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Annie  Keary.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5452&aid=165">Clemency Franklyn</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Macmillan.<li>Henrietta  Keddie.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5504&aid=305">Days of Yore</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Alexander Strahan.<li>Henrietta  Keddie.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=10057&aid=305">Sweet Counsel: A Book for Girls</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Frederick Warne.<li>Ellinor J. Kelly.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=12249&aid=167">Fetching and Keeping</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: S.P.C.K..<li>Miles Gerald Keon.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5533&aid=925">Dion and the Sibyls: A Romance of the First Century</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Henry  Kingsley.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5454&aid=169">Leighton Court: A Country House Story</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Macmillan.<li>Charles  Kingsley.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5550&aid=1339">Hereward, the Last of the English</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Macmillan.<li>William Henry Giles Kingston.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=15053&aid=1340">Mountain Moggy: or, The Stoning of the Witch. A Tale for the Young</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: S.P.C.K..<li>George Alfred Lawrence.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=617&aid=9">Sans Merci: or, Kestrels and Falcons</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>J. Sheridan Le Fanu.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5458&aid=178">All in the Dark</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Mark  Lemon.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=398&aid=179">Falkner Lyle: or, The Story of Two Wives</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Charles  Lever.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=406&aid=182">Sir Brook Fossbrooke</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;Edinburgh: Blackwood.<li>Eliza Lynn Linton.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=410&aid=183">Lizzie Lorton of Greyrigg</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Arthur  Locker.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=418&aid=185">Sweet Seventeen</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>George  Macaulay.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5643&aid=1921">Hetty Gouldworth: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>George  MacDonald.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=434&aid=195">Annals of a Quiet Neighbourhood</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Alexander Strahan.<li>Matilda Anne Mackarness.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=12326&aid=196">The Naughty Girl of the Family</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Routledge.<li>Florence  Marryat.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=456&aid=200">For Ever and Ever: A Drama of Life</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Emma  Marshall.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=12380&aid=2965">Millicent Legh: A Tale</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Seeley.<li>Janet  Maughan.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=127&aid=68">The Co-Heiress: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Janet  Maughan.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=449&aid=68">The Man of Mark</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Justin  McCarthy.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=542&aid=194">Paul Massie: A Romance</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Elizabeth Thomasina Meade.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=9223&aid=1648">Ashton Morton: or, Memories of my Life</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>George  Meredith.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=486&aid=207">Vittoria</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>George  Mills.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5653&aid=1928">The Beggar's Benison: or, A Hero, without a name; but, with an aim. A Clydesdale Story</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Cassell.<li>Donald Grant Mitchell.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5654&aid=1929">Doctor Johns: Being a Narrative of Certain Events in the Life of an Orthodox Minister of Connecticut</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Sampson Low.<li>Luise  Mühlbach.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=602&aid=1212">Romance of a Court: or, Sans Souci; from the German</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Emma  Newby.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=514&aid=215">Trodden Down: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Caroline Elizabeth Okeden.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=525&aid=222">Felicia's Dowry</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Margaret  Oliphant.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=117&aid=56">Miss Marjoribanks</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;Edinburgh: Blackwood.<li>Margaret  Oliphant.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=528&aid=56">Madonna Mary: A Story of Modern English Life</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Margaret  Oliphant.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5395&aid=56">A Son of the Soil</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Macmillan.<li>  Ouida.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=110&aid=51">Chandos: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Susanna Mary Paull.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=12569&aid=996">Lucy West: or, The Orphans of Highcliff</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Frederick Warne.<li>James  Payn.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=491&aid=72">Mirk Abbey</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Mrs.  Pemberton.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=157&aid=259">Dacia Singleton</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Mrs.  Pemberton.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=737&aid=259">What Money Can't Do: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Rose Macqueen Piddington.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=12349&aid=1413">The Gain of a Loss: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>William  Platt.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=552&aid=239">Angelo Lyons</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Saunders and Otley.<li>Lady Emily  Ponsonby.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=558&aid=240">Sir Owen Fairfax</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Elizabeth P. Ramsay.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=12702&aid=245">Social Life in Sydney: or, Colonial Experience. An Australian Tale</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;Edinburgh: R. Grant and Son.<li>Charles  Reade.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=578&aid=247">Griffith Gaunt: or, Jealousy</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Capt. Mayne  Reid.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5477&aid=249">The Headless Horseman: A Strange Tale of Texas</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: C. H. Clarke.<li>Charlotte Elizabeth Riddell.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=698&aid=252">Phemie Keller: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Anne J. Robertson.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5556&aid=1713">The Story of Nelly Dillon</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Frederick William Robinson.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=47&aid=60">Beyond the Church</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Frederick William Robinson.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=116&aid=60">Christie's Faith</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Frederick William Robinson.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5404&aid=60">Prison Characters Drawn from Life, by a Prison Matron</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>John  Saunders.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=619&aid=228">Bound to the Wheel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Hon. Charles Stuart Savile.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=623&aid=271">Beating to Windward: or, Light and Shadow</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Carl Henrik Scharling.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5481&aid=272">Noddebo Parsonage: Country Life in Denmark</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Frederick  Sheridan.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5679&aid=1953">Shot!: or, The Ghost's Seat at Deymont</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Felicia Mary Frances Skene.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5524&aid=714">Hidden Depths</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;Edinburgh: Edmonston and Douglas.<li>John Edwin Hilary Skinner.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5681&aid=1955">After the Storm: or, Jonathan and his Neighbours</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Bentley.<li>Menella Bute Smedley.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=14896&aid=216">Twice Lost, and Other Tales</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Virtue.<li>Alexander  Smith.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5682&aid=1956">Alfred Hagart's Household</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Alexander Strahan.<li>Emily  Spender.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5537&aid=1034">Kingsford: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Eliza Tabor Stephenson.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=325&aid=69">Hester's Sacrifice</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Eliza Tabor Stephenson.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=568&aid=69">Rachel's Secret</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Julia Cecilia Stretton.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=425&aid=193">Lords and Ladies</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Hesba  Stretton.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=660&aid=289">Clives of Burcot</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Hesba  Stretton.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=10256&aid=289">The Fishers of Derby Haven</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: R.T.S..<li>Thomas  Sutton.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5075&aid=1734">Unconventional: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Sampson Low.<li>Bayard  Taylor.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5484&aid=292">The Story of Kennett</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Sampson Low.<li>Annie  Thomas.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=677&aid=76">Played Out: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Annie  Thomas.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=680&aid=76">Walter Goring</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Walter  Thornbury.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=683&aid=296">Greatheart</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Anthony  Trollope.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=700&aid=301">The Belton Estate</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Frank  Trollope.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=702&aid=302">Old Man's Secret</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: T. C. Newby.<li>Thomas Adolphus Trollope.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=708&aid=303">Gemma: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Frances Eleanor Trollope.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=10425&aid=7">Aunt Margaret's Troubles</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Hannah Maria Whitehead.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5699&aid=1970">The Grahames of Bessbridge House, Dydborough</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>S. Russell Whitney.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=741&aid=313">Mother's Favourite</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>George John Whyte-Melville.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=477&aid=206">Cerise: A Tale of the Last Century</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Lady Emma Caroline Wood.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=632&aid=319">Rosewarne</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Ellen  Wood.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=762&aid=320">Elster's Folly: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Ellen  Wood.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=770&aid=320">St. Martin's Eve</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Emma Jane Worboise.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=14996&aid=1527">St. Beetha's: or, The Heiress of Arne</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Jackson, Walford and Hodder.<li>Emma Jane Worboise.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=14997&aid=1527">Sir Julian's Wife</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Virtue.<li>Emma Jane Worboise.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=14998&aid=1527">Violet Vaughan: or, The Shadows of Warneford</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: James Clarke.<li>Sir Lascelles  Wraxall.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5076&aid=323">Fides: or, The Beauty of Mayence. Adapted from the German</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Hurst and Blackett.<li>Edmund Hodgson Yates.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=785&aid=325">Kissing the Rod: A Novel</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Tinsley Brothers.<li>Edmund Hodgson Yates.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=786&aid=325">Land at Last: A Novel in Three Books</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;3 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Chapman and Hall.<li>Charlotte Mary Yonge.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=5541&aid=1069">The Dove in the Eagle's Nest</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;2 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Macmillan.<li>Charlotte Mary Yonge.&nbsp;&nbsp;<i><a href="show_title.php?tid=13041&aid=1069">The Prince and the Page: A Story of the Last Crusade</a></i>.&nbsp;&nbsp;1 vol.&nbsp;&nbsp;London: Macmillan.</ol><!-- End of page specific content -->
</td></tr>

<tr><td>
<p class="footer">&copy; 2018 Troy J. Bassett | Contact: bassettt@ipfw.edu | Last Updated: 1 January 2018</p>
</td></tr>

</table>
</body>
</html>
